okay hey this is Matthew Jeske here with
Fit lish comm and I'm very excited to
introduce a pair of shoes I've been
interest to get these for quite some
time it just showed up on my doorstep
they're still in the original box so we
are going to open these up together now
these are I don't know how you say it
anatomically correct
shoes so I started out with the Vibram
FiveFingers I've tried maril trail
gloves
New Balance minimus she was just about
every type of barefoot shoes and what I
have here is actually a shoe and a brand
of shoes that was launched with the sole
intention of being the world's most
anatomically correct or physiologically
correct shoe right here is the shoe box
these are limbs and they have some
really I don't know
nice marketing it's it's a very well
designed box day I think that they do
they are environmentally friendly so
most of their materials are recycled
another website even says they're vegan
friendly which is a little weird for a
shoe but I can explain that in just a
moment so I ordered the black primal 2
shoe this is what it looks like here so
very um has that whoa awesome new hue
smell it smells a bit like glue but let
me pull out the packing inside of here
and show you part of the reason why this
shoe is so amazing and I'm so anxious to
try it out the first thing is the end of
the shoe right here is much wider than
you would see in a traditional shoe so
what that means is your toes are not
bound up on top of each other another
thing is the sole is very flexible you
can pack it in your luggage well you can
um take it in your carry-on like I was
saying on the plane and that's those are
a couple small benefits but as for your
foot what that means is you really get a
good sense of the ground and I know I've
spoken with a lot of runners they've had
difficulty with stress fractures sore
muscles what's the other one
shin splints the list goes on and on and
a lot of that can be caused by striking
the ground too hard when you're running
well if you get a better sensation of
the ground a better tactile sensation
through the bottom of your foot what
that means is it becomes painful to
strike incorrectly so these shoes are
supposed to provide an excellent
sensation of the ground and what that
means to you is you'll stand less a
chance of getting shin splints stress
fractures the list goes on and on
another thing I mean your toes can splay
out it's a zero drop meaning it is the
same height at the heel as the ball of
the foot I could go on forever about
these but really I just wanted to open
them up with you and talk a bit about
the shoe and go through that experience
because I've not bought these before and
in the course the next few weeks I'll be
running in them and testing them with
you another thing I want to mention is I
don't have them here right now but I
work a lot with correctos which is a
toast blintz I call it a toast plant I
don't know if that's the correct foot
term for it it's like a brass knuckles
for your toes and what it does is it
real lines every toe on your foot to the
natural its natural alignment and this
particular type of toast straightener is
compatible with the primal to shoes from
limbs so I'm actually going to run while
wearing the correct toes in here and
tell you how that works I could go on
like I said forever about these they do
appear at first glance to be a very high
quality they have not overlooked any
detail here even the end of the laces is
kind of cute says limbs on it the toe
out the upper on the shoe here the top
portion this is primal - on it the
bottom says primitive performance which
is kind of cute if you like to talk like
that
so the ancestral Footwear on the back I
know some of their older models when I
looked around the web they had a little
roots kind of thing on the back he's
done away with that but one thing I
really like here is it's a much stronger
material I noticed this is a thicker
kind of rubber here and that reminds me
of one thing speaking of a
vegan-friendly shoe what does that mean
there is no animal leather in this no
animals were killed in the making of
this shoe which can be nice if you're
you know you're against that sort of
thing no animals were hurt to make this
shoe and it is still an exceptionally
high quality shoe I'm really excited to
try it out so I hope you found this
helpful if you have any questions about
these primal - shoes or anything in
particular you'd like me to test out for
you with the footwear please let me know
I'd be more than happy to try it out for
you and if you're interested in
purchasing these shoes just as I did you
can click the link directly below the
video and purchase your very own pair
thank you for watching and until next
time keep it healthy
you